It's the L-V in UNLVIMAGE QUESTION: It's not to eat. It's to use in the on-deck circleEuropean explorers, is it worth your toes & maybe your lives to go 500 mi. north of the Arctic Circle to find this path to the Pacific?Cat killer, or NASA roverIn the 1960s Geoffrey the Giraffe became the mascot & spokesanimal for this storeThe Gulf Stream runs close to Cuba & in this Hemingway novel Santiago fishes in itThis city that's home to the oldest University of California campus often ranks as the 'most liberal city in America'Lepidopterans excel at this third stroke in the medley relayHey you, not-so-law-abiding 1920s guy! Think the feds will indict you on 22 counts of tax evasion? You should!To be verklempt is to be considered very thisWith the introduction of the Model T & more people hitting the road, outdoor advertising on these became more popularIn a Graham Greene novel, James Wormold is recruited by British Secret Service to be 'Our Man in' this cityThis city that's home to Brigham Young University was originally known as Fort UtahA tennis player who serves & scores the first point after deuce has this edgeVisigoth princes of Spain, are you sure it's a good idea to invite these people to help you take power? They have their own agendaIn sushidom, California rolls often include fish called this type of 'crab'A portmanteau word, this type of paid programming is a TV ad that typically lasts 15 to 30 minutesReinaldo Arenas' memoir 'Before Night Falls' recounts his attempts to flee Communist Cuba, even swimming to this U.S. naval stationUlysses would fit right in in this city at the south end of Cayuga LakeBoxers 'bob &' this to avoid getting punched in the faceThe foundation's kinda shaky... is a 180' tower in this Italian city a good idea? Heck, it's 1173, we have the technology!A permit to drive a taxi; one in a big city has sold for as much as $1.3 millionIMAGE QUESTION: The icon for this product has been around for over 100 years. But she doesn't look a day over 8Oscar Hijuelos wrote a novel about the title 'Kings' of this Cuban ballroom danceThe main campus for the University of Arkansas is located in this city nicknamed the 'Athens of the Ozarks'It's sports talk for a scheme in which players defend an area of the court, not a particular opponentYo, France... between 1930 & '40, will it be worth it to spend billions of francs on this 'Line' of defense? (it will not)Referring to a standard of judgment, this word comes before an important 'Collection' of classic moviesIn a 2019 Super Bowl ad, Sarah Jessica Parker's & Jeff Bridges' characters forego their usual drinks for this fancy Belgian beerJoe falls for a Cuban revolutionary in 'Live by Night' by this 'Shutter Island' author, who normally does Massachusetts