Biceps curls! 1! 2! 1! 2! Can you feel this 3-headed muscle stretch as the biceps contract?! Burn, baby, burn!Julia Whelan's novel 'My Oxford Year' follows the young American recipient of one of these scholarshipsBelarus, KyrgyzstanAlright, alright<span class='nobreak'>--</span>in 2019 Matthew McConaughey became a communications professor at the university of this, his home stateNot quite 5 inches tall, a statuette found in Austria is known as this love goddess of WillendorfBoots & handbags are also sold at DSW, short for designer shoe this type of buildingReclining hero pose! Into corpse pose! Oh yeah, you bet we're going heavy on this 4-letter discipline right now!The 2015 novel 'Cow Country' is set in one of these alliterative institutions AKA a junior collegeChad, BahrainAngelina Jolie lectured on women, peace & security at the LSE, the London school of thisGeorges Braque & this Spaniard are considered the founders of CubismIt's the 'K' in the AKC, an authority on dogsDelts & traps, done! Now Men's Health says pull-ups are great to build up these big, triangle-shaped back muscles, so get to it!A Langston Hughes poem begins in a 'college on the hill above' this area of upper ManhattanSuriname, CuracaoJohn Cleese of this comedy troupe was professor-at-large at Cornell starting in 1999, but he didn't teach silly walksIMAGE QUESTION: (Sarah of the Clue Crew presents by a display monitor.) In 1654, the city of Delft was devastated by a gunpowder explosion depicted here; Rembrandt's student Carel Fabritius didn't survive, but this now-famous painting of his did, and went on to inspire a best-selling novel of the same nameIn a computer, a CPU is a central this unitAn intense circuit-style workout, metcon is short for these 2 words, & we're gonna hit it hard today!This Jazz Age man's 'This Side of Paradise' is set at PrincetonBurundi, SwitzerlandAt NYU, Prince 101 (about the purple one) had a lecture by this drummer for The RootsMichelangelo was 33 in 1508 when he began painting this Vatican chapelUsed in the kitchen, EVOO stands for thisPlank is an example of this type of exercise in which the muscles are static; now drop, but don't give me 20!The characters in Wendy Wasserstein's 'Uncommon Women and Others' are alumnae of this numerical group of northeastern schoolsBolivia, Peru: Aymara & these 2This director & writer of 'Do the Right Thing' taught African-American cinema at HarvardOne of the tours at the Belgian museum dedicated to this surrealist is titled 'Hats Off'The last name of this British mathematician is the 'T' in CAPTCHA, a computer security test